README.md, before:


![decorative banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190797847-5bf55b56-cab2-4e51-9011-4f37874d54b9.png)


## 💼 Dayjob
I'm currently working at [l'Agence Webup](https://github.com/agence-webup) as lead frontend developer so feel free to ping me about the frontend part of their open-sources projects, such as:
  - [Higgcss](https://github.com/robinparisi/higgcss) — A minimalist and agnostic SASS mini framework I'm helping to maintain
  - [Dropmic](https://github.com/agence-webup/dropmic) — A very simplistic dropdown menu plugin I made a few years back
  - [Ginguette](https://github.com/agence-webup/guinguette) — A accordion vanilla-JS plugin with a french name
  - [Tiroir](https://github.com/agence-webup/tiroir) — A drawer menu vanilla-JS plugin handling multi-level navigation


## ![](https://github.com/TixieSalander/TixieSalander/assets/2143796/82e3f778-cbcf-41a1-b129-86e68e9bec69) My studio
When I have some time left and supposing life wasn't too much of a beach with me, I often eat thinking sand at ∴[Guérilla.Studio](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ), my “*two-women-one-cat-in-a-trenchcoat* little collective” as I like to call it. We made for example:

![](https://github.com/TixieSalander/TixieSalander/assets/2143796/ef5f5e44-f13b-4f1b-9913-8a3960d868d3)
[Placehold.in](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ/placehold.in) — A quick way to display placeholder images during mockups and development 

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190781039-9961c51a-0450-4a1c-a288-4c4abf5c3caa.png)
[Souvenir](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ/souvenir) — A progressive web app to capture few seconds of your webcam/camera and generate a gif

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190781008-2ef4009d-688f-4c3a-a8ab-8c2a831ebc4b.png)
[Eldritch Radio](https://github.com/EldritchCafe/radio) — A fediverse's publications based webradio

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190781052-c38c6afc-872a-43c6-91dd-462e5cc2891f.png)
[Vanilla List](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ/vanillalist) — A repository of great vanilla JS plugins

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190786370-25533da9-39a5-4238-9e28-06f3476e794c.png)
[Now Playing](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ/now-playing) — A repository showcasing music albums we like to play at the studio


## ❤️ Support me

You can buy me a coffee on my Ko-Fi page (well actually more probably a cup of hot chocolate, some muffins and a new pair of socks for the next winter):

[![Support me on Ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/tixie_)


I'm also considering joining the Github sponsorship program in the future if people are interested but feel free to reach me if you have specitic demands.

## ✍️ Contact infos

**💬 You can ask me**

- Everything about CSS, I love this shit.
- Also probably anything about a lot of frontend web development, just I'm not a “JavaScript-bro”. Don't get me wrong, I've being doing frontend stuff for more than 10 years know, just I probably don't have an opinion to give you on that last *\~trendy\~* react-jamstack-tailwind-webpack-magical tool).



**📫 You can reach me**

- On Mastodon at [@tixie@guerilla.studio](https://guerilla.studio/@tixie) (main place)
- On Telegram at [@TixieSalander](https://t.me/TixieSalander)
- On Cohost at [@tixie](https://cohost.org/tixie) (I don't go there often)
- On Bluesky at [@tixie.bsky.social](https://bsky.app/profile/tixie.bsky.social) (I don't go there often)


Remember I don't owe you my kindness, I'm counting on you to be respectful ❤️

Commit message:

Update presentation + Add Signal as contact option

README.md, after:


![decorative banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190797847-5bf55b56-cab2-4e51-9011-4f37874d54b9.png)

## ![](https://github.com/TixieSalander/TixieSalander/assets/2143796/82e3f778-cbcf-41a1-b129-86e68e9bec69) My studio
Starting 2024, I'm focusing full-time into my own smaller organization: ∴[Guérilla.Studio](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ), my “*two-women-one-cat-in-a-trenchcoat* little collective” as I like to call it. \
We work our very best at making a web a little bit more **inclusive**, **accessible**, and ~~anti-capitalist~~ **ethical** by making & maintaining independent software along with helping other organizations and open-source initiatives embracing those values.

We made for example:

![](https://github.com/TixieSalander/TixieSalander/assets/2143796/ef5f5e44-f13b-4f1b-9913-8a3960d868d3)
[Placehold.in](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ/placehold.in) — A quick way to display placeholder images during mockups and development <sup>(2023)</sup>

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190781008-2ef4009d-688f-4c3a-a8ab-8c2a831ebc4b.png)
[Eldritch Radio](https://github.com/EldritchCafe/radio) — A fediverse's publications based webradio <sup>(2020)</sup>

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190781039-9961c51a-0450-4a1c-a288-4c4abf5c3caa.png)
[Souvenir](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ/souvenir) — A progressive web app to capture few seconds of your webcam/camera and generate a gif <sup>(2019)</sup>

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190781052-c38c6afc-872a-43c6-91dd-462e5cc2891f.png)
[Vanilla List](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ/vanillalist) — A repository of curated vanilla-JS plugins <sup>(since 2017)</sup>

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2143796/190786370-25533da9-39a5-4238-9e28-06f3476e794c.png)
[Now Playing](https://github.com/GuerillaHQ/now-playing) — A repository showcasing music albums we like to play at the studio <sup>(2016)</sup>


## Previous job
From 2016 to 2024, I've worked on diverse types of projects as main front-end web developer and accessibility advocate in a middle sized [web engineering agency](https://github.com/agence-webup) located in eastern France. \
During that time I've work on some open-source projects as well, such as:
  - [Higgcss](https://github.com/robinparisi/higgcss) — A minimalist and agnostic SASS mini framework, used as foundation on all of our clients projects
  - [Dropmic](https://github.com/agence-webup/dropmic) — A very simplistic dropdown menu plugin I made a few years back
  - [Ginguette](https://github.com/agence-webup/guinguette) — A accordion vanilla-JS plugin with a french name
  - [Tiroir](https://github.com/agence-webup/tiroir) — A drawer menu vanilla-JS plugin handling multi-level navigation


## ❤️ Support me

You can help me financially on my Ko-Fi page (well actually more probably a cup of hot chocolate, some muffins and a new pair of socks for next winter):

[![Support me on Ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/tixie_)


I'm also considering joining the Github sponsorship program in the future if people are interested but feel free to reach me if you have specitic demands.

## ✍️ Contact infos

**💬 You can ask me**

- Everything about CSS, I love this shit.
- Also probably anything about a lot of frontend web development, just I'm not a “JavaScript-bro”. Don't get me wrong, I've being doing frontend stuff for more than 10 years know, just I may not have an opinion to give you on that last *\~trendy\~* react-tailwind-webpack-magical tool you recently heard about).



**📫 You can reach me**

- On Mastodon at [@tixie@guerilla.studio](https://guerilla.studio/@tixie) (main place)
- On Telegram at [@TixieSalander](https://t.me/TixieSalander)
- On Signal at [@tixie.01](https://signal.me/#eu/qGlr+dGbzAbCqNNnTyAw26QeMVj1cNnw5G2kDAhKMPY3nFyqHxpC3bVGHpUgkYUE) (currently still in beta <sup>[[link]](https://www.signal.org/blog/phone-number-privacy-usernames/)</sup>)
- On Cohost at [@tixie](https://cohost.org/tixie) (I don't go there often)
- On Bluesky at [@tixie.bsky.social](https://bsky.app/profile/tixie.bsky.social) (I don't go there often)


Remember I don't owe you my kindness, I'm counting on you to be respectful ❤️
